Configure search no index enabled (#134)
ONSdigital/dp-frontend-search-controller: README.md

| DEFAULT_MAXIMUM_LIMIT             | 50                           | The default maximum limit of search results in a page
| DEFAULT_MAXIMUM_SEARCH_RESULTS    | 500                          | The default maximum search results
| DEFAULT_OFFSET                    | 0                            | The default offset of search results
| DEFAULT_PAGE                      | 1                            | The default current page of search results
| DEFAULT_SORT                      | relevance                    | The default sort of search results
| ENABLE_CENSUS_TOPIC_FILTER_OPTION | false                        | Enable filtering on various census topics
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT         | 5s                           | The graceful shutdown timeout in seconds (`time.Duration` format)
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT      | 90s                          | Time to wait until an unhealthy dependent propagates its state to make this app unhealthy (`time.Duration` format)
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL              | 30s                          | Time between self-healthchecks (`time.Duration` format)

> | NO_INDEX_ENABLED                  | false                        | If true then prevents the ONS search results from appearing in Google Search

Reviewer: In our case, it is most search engine web crawlers and not just Google

```suggestion
| NO_INDEX_ENABLED                  | false                        | If true then this prevents most search engine web crawlers from indexing the search pages
```
